The purpose of this project is primarily meant to serve as an exercise in CSS, but also to showcase some memories of my childhood, as I grew up in the swedish town of Åhus (Mind the "Å").

I will be using my own illustrations and photos, unless otherwise specified.

Update 1: Apperently I had a lot fewer photos from my childhood that could be used for this project than I thought, so I had to supplement with stock images. I let the watermarks remain to show their sources. Unfortunately I was unable to find a stock photo of the "kungsstugan" that I could use, so for now I put an image of a moose as a placeholder (generated by Bing image creator).

Also credit to Greatstack, for their youtube tutorial which I used for the "places" section as an exercise (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ly4Dqz2Mz8s&list=LL&index=6&t=33s). I used it as a learning experience, and plan to modify it later for my own purposes. I learned a lot from it.

Update 2: After completing basic setup I realized that I am not very happy with the current setup. While I learned a lot, it isn't very user friendly and doesn't achieve it's purpose very well: To attract visitors to the place. I have redrawn the design to account for this, and will now proceed to implement the changes, one section at a time. The only exception will be the social media buttons, which I will first place by the placeholders where they were initially designed to be. Once I reach the end however, I might attempt to put them to the side, always following the user as they scroll. If this was a real project, I would like to make it as easy for the user as possible to share the info to others who might then also decide to visit.
